# TankGUN
PS3 controlled Tank with a Nurf gun on top
the Cannon file has the three action files as sub folders. These are dirived from 3action_nurf and what I got from Drone bot work shop. PS3 controller. 
the only file I have gotten to work is the 3action_nurf. that did work at one time and then I fried the UNOR3 it was attached to. 

I haven't work on this in about a year. but I did get Drone bots code to kinda work on an esp32. But what happened was that the esp32 freaked out all the servos and broke things. I thought it was sending mixed PWM signals. So I went down a rabit hole of SPI comunication and cutting up the code into individual bytes and trying to have a master with the PS3 library and many slaves creating the PWM signals for each function. So it's been almost a year and I am overwhelmed with the thought of even starting this project again. oye!!!!

I've read the three actions. I feel like there is something missing from the start up process in the drone motors. I need to go back to the code that was written when I was getting them to work. 
Found it this needs to be in the start up code. 
    // Initialize the signals to 1000 (original direction)
esc1.writeMicroseconds(1000);
esc2.writeMicroseconds(1000);

Its alive!!!! on 2/1/2026 it is currently able to be controlled by a PS3 controller it drives, it shoots. It is awesome!! it has even caught on fire. The journey has been long with a lot of breaks. But it is complete, ish. I still have more dreams. The Power flow was difficult and caused 2 revisions before getting it right. I settled on getting a driver that supplied a stable 5v. And getting an 8 amp UBEC to supply 7v for the servos. Everything running off a 3s Lypo battery supplying 12v moderately. The motor driver I chose was a BOJACK L298N Motor DC Dual H-Bridge Motor Driver Controller. I had to use two logic level shifters to get the signal right. also I used all 6 pins and tossed the jumpers for ENA. The UBEC was a 8A UBEC Output 5V / 6V 8A Max 12A Input. And the ESC's weren't any thing special but I did find that they had a 5v pin that can or could power the ESP32 also. I did not use it but wired it in as an option. The code was a mess. I used GROK, Chat GPT, and Gemini. They all wrote it in so many ways. I am honestly not sure whose code finally worked. But I know for certain it wasn't Chat GPT's. It was as scatterbrained as I was. a true lack of focus. GROK seemed to know what it was doing. and Gemini, that was weeks ago and well I don't remember the experience now. But I kept all of the code each one made just in case. I was poor at labeling them though. The Arduino IDE seems broken to me. On both my lap top and my Pi5 I could not get an example from the PS3 library to work. It kept saying the library didn't have certain Bluetooth files. and AI was not very helpful. Finally I learned VScode (sort of) enough to get some code to work. I will date code the entire folder when I upload it. I want to make a PCB, but for now the soldered perf board will have to work.
